why we acquired answer the public I own
an ad agency called NP digital we're one
of the fastest growing companies
according to Inc magazine at the 21st
spot and we have over 700 employees
globally but in the grand scheme of
things we're really really really really
really tiny company if you compare us to
Apple Google or even companies like
Exxon Mobil
we really are tiny and a lot of those
companies grow through a simple channel
can you guess what it is
Acquisitions see Google bought Ness for
home thermostats Google bought waymo or
their self-driving car division out
about Beats by Dre Facebook acquired
Instagram and the list goes on and on in
essence large corporations by companies
as it allows them to expand faster now
with answers the public it has roughly
60 percent of the traffic as Uber says
but it generates less than 10 of the
revenue at Super CS so right there we
can fix that and we should be able to
forward a 5x that number easily now of
course we won't ruin the user experience
and we won't reduce the amount of free
stuff that we offer actually we're going
to give you more stuff in answer the
public for free in other words you're
going to get more for free you don't
have to pay for it and you'll get more
features and by doing that the product
will become better and more popular over
time in addition to revenue Uber says
drives roughly 30 percent of the
customers for my Ad Agency answer the
public never tried selling to their
leads that is additional Revenue stream
there too and answer the public had zero
people working on the product when
you're going from zero people to adding
people it's not hard to make something
better in other words we acquire the
company because we can make the product
better and give users more for free so
they're happier and collect more Revenue
through other offers like offering
people like Consulting If they raise
their hand and want it of course we want
bombard them we're not going to show
pop-ups with that stuff it's more so you
keep the product as is add more free
features and by doing that it makes it
more popular and more people will end up
paying for a premium version and we may
also generate some Consulting revenue
from it as well
another point I'm breaking this all down
in a video because I don't have to share
this I could just talk about how we're
giving away more stuff for free on and
to the public is because I want this to
be educational I want you to consider
acquiring other companies in your
business to grow you don't have to just
grow through marketing yes even though
my Ad Agency does marketing and it can
hurt me to say that it's true there's
other creative ways that you can grow
such as a wiring companies and you
should look at those channels as well
now if you enjoyed this video please
like it share it if you want my adding
to help you with your marketing check
out NP digital
I hope you have a wonderful day and if
you have any questions on companies
you're looking to acquire and you just
want someone to answer to check it out
leave a comment below I'm always here to
help